Update 20-preparing.md (#145)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/20-preparing.md

- welcome, introductions and motivation for the lesson - to introduce yourself, aims and objectives of the lesson and how it will help learners
- setup - to check if everyone is ready to proceed with the lesson
- segments of teaching and exercises from the lesson and any other planned activities (e.g. group discussions, wrap-up and feedback)

> - checkpoints - places where you have planed to stop to check-in with leaners. Checkpoints are especially useful at the beginning of a lesson when you may not have as many exercises but the learners need to have the data downloaded or tool opened to be able to follow along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- checkpoints - places where you have planned to stop to check-in with learners. Checkpoints are especially useful at the beginning of a lesson when you may not have as many exercises but the learners need to have the data downloaded or tool opened to be able to follow along.
```

Author: lol I wonder how often I accidentally type "leaners" it isn't the first time for sure

> - welcome, introductions and motivation for the lesson - to introduce yourself, aims and objectives of the lesson and how it will help learners
> - setup - to check if everyone is ready to proceed with the lesson
> - segments of teaching and exercises from the lesson and any other planned activities (e.g. group discussions, wrap-up and feedback)
> - checkpoints - places where you have planed to stop to check-in with leaners. Checkpoints are especially useful at the beginning of a lesson when you may not have as many exercises but the learners need to have the data downloaded or tool opened to be able to follow along.
> - slides, figures and other visual aids needed to deliver teaching and other parts of the teaching plan 
> - resources/references/recommended reading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- welcome, introductions and motivation for the lesson - to introduce yourself, aims and objectives of the lesson and how it will help learners
- setup - to check if everyone is ready to proceed with the lesson
- segments of teaching and exercises from the lesson and any other planned activities (e.g. group discussions, wrap-up and feedback)
- checkpoints - places where you have planed to stop to check-in with leaners.
- slides, figures and other visual aids needed to deliver teaching and other parts of the teaching plan 
- resources/references/recommended reading

::: callout
## Checkpoints in a Teaching Plan
 Checkpoints are especially useful at the beginning of a lesson 
 when you may not have as many exercises 
 but the learners need to have the data downloaded or tool opened to be able to follow along.
:::
```

Author: I was actually leaning toward a call out too but was worried it wasn't needed.

Author: Added to callout instead in c93e5c8.  I also added a line that describes more what a "check-in" might include.
